revelation 22:19 says and if anyone
takes away from the words of the book of
this prophecy God shall take away his
part from the book of life from the holy
city and from the things which are
written in this book so a listener in
Missouri wonders about the meaning of
this passage now no child of God would
take anything away from the Word of God
knowingly at all but he is saying here
that if anyone did that they can be sure
one thing and he's making a contrast
between books if you take something out
of this book God says I'm gonna take
something out of the book of life and
that is I take your name out which would
indicate to me the name was not there at
all it's a question today and I've
enlarged on this in form of broadcasts
there are two books of life as I see it
one book of life is that natural book
that you and I get in the human family
we're recorded God knows who we are and
where we are he remembers it I was
talking to a party not long ago that was
absent from a meeting and this party is
a very sensitive person and I said ma we
missed you at the meeting and there's
part of made the statement I didn't
think anyone would notice that I was not
there and they seemed to appreciate the
fact that somebody didn't notice
well no human being may take notice
whether you are there or not but God
does take notice you're a human being in
your in a book now I think that there is
another book the Lamb's Book of Life
that you're in and the Lord Jesus
actually threatens I think here any
individual he said I'll absolutely rub
you out in other words he's saying to
them that you're absolutely eternally
lost and I interpret this to reveal the
seriousness that there is in tampering
with the word of God and again may I say
that's one of the reasons that I don't
buy
all these new translations because I
think a great deal is not done or the
worthy motive of really trying to find
out what God has said and they're being
turned out too fast to begin with I
think it ought to take years of study
and Men of maturity are the ones that
should do it I don't think any man under
fifty years old should be a translator I
think that wisdom is something that goes
along with knowledge and wisdom comes
with maturity there are many things that
can be said about this and this passage
reveals the seriousness of tampering